well howdy there Internet people its
bubble gun so we got to talk about that
report that report people are angry you
should be should be angry why - for 18
years by multiple administration's the
cost of those lies is immeasurable in
money and lives political capital it's
immeasurable if every right to be angry
but should you be surprised no it
happens all the time it happens all the
time
beyond that when all this kicked off in
2001 the experts those people to
understand the Middle East those people
to understand the area those people that
are familiar with doing these sort of
things they made suggestions they
formulated an advice response and that
response was a series of covert actions
with no footprint designed to
destabilize command and control of the
bad guys that was the plan that was the
response but we didn't use a response we
reacted rather than looking at it from
an educated perspective looking at it
from the view of taking in all of the
facts and trying to decide what was best
going to accomplish our goals
we reacted emotionally viscerally
then we had an invasion we had to invade
somebody right because that's the answer
but it wasn't once the invasion happened
what happened the the the boots on the
ground what did they have to do
formulate a play on to disrupt the
command and control the bad guys but
that was after we'd already made a whole
bunch of new enemies the part that
infuriates me about this is not the
anger should be angry shouldn't be
surprised but people are so angry
they're not really learning from it
can't let that anger cloud your ability
to learn from this because what makes me
mad is that it's being presented as
during the Bush and Obama administration
so this happened
you rely - you're being lied to right
now right now US government is pushing
the idea that the Taliban wants to cut a
deal now they don't no they don't the
United States government has already
announced its intention to withdraw US
doesn't matter anymore they're
irrelevant
whatever deal is made isn't going to be
honored in anybody with half a brain
should know that the Taliban contrary to
the propaganda are not stupid mountain
people they're pretty savvy
there's a reason Afghanistan is known as
the place where empires go to die
they're just waiting us out and then
they'll resume their operations the deal
is irrelevant and all the time spent
waiting trying to make this perfect deal
that will not honored be honored is more
time that people are going to die
unnecessarily just kicking the football
down the road over the bodies of
Americans and innocence
but we can learn from this we can learn
from this right now these same types of
situations are happening what did the
experts say about abandoning the Kurds
don't do it it's a horrible idea it's
gonna haunt us foreign policy for
decades to come politicians they didn't
want a response they wanted a reaction
and there we are decisions made and in
the background right now you can hear
the drums beating that march to war with
Iran what do the experts say it's not
necessary don't do it
DoD zone wargames show the u.s. losing
but doesn't matter because we need a
reaction not a response
so when the time comes they'll wave
those flags those bumper stickers will
appear in the gas stations and people
put them on their cars because they
don't want to be seen as not supporting
the troops before you support the troops
you have to support the truth the truth
will protect American soldiers more than
any politician in DC ever could if you
supported the truth they wouldn't go
anywhere they wouldn't need support
moral support from back here while
there's some where they don't need to be
fighting for their lives be mad be angry
you rely to you're still being lied to
be mad be angry that's fine but learn
from it we are in charge the United
States once the greatest war machine the
world has ever known there's a lot of
responsibility that comes with that we
as American citizens have to be linked
to kertel our government when they want
to use it we allowed that behemoth to be
built and here we are when they want to
use it we just wave our flags
and a lot of times it's unnecessary the
deployment of that many troops
Afghanistan was not only unnecessary it
was unadvisable the same thing is true
of Iran Iran needs a political response
not a military one
but those political responses they don't
get votes the way images of Abraham's
being loaded up to go over do
[Music]
we have a responsibility this is a
moment where the American people can
learn from the graves of thousands of
American troops so there's not more
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night